#labels Phase-Design,Phase-Implementation,Featured,iPhone,Triangulation
Details of the Objective C implementation of the JDT for the iPhone device<br>
= Introduction =

The jdt application was re-implemented in the Objective C language as an iPhone application.<br>
Most of the original jdt's application features were introduced to this version.<br>

= Details =

*The major challenges for this task are:*<br>
 * The constraints of a mobile device (memory, user interface, hd...)<br>
 * The variation between Java and Objective C<br>

==Content==
The following features of the original application were introduced to the iPhone version:<br>
 * Loading and saving tsin/smf files.<br>
 * Input methods - Point, 100 Random points<br>
 * View options - Lines, Triangles, Topo, Find, Info<br>

==Implementation==
The is implemented as a tab bar application which has 3 tabs:<br>
 * Resources - A tab in which the user can store or load _tsin_ and _smf_ files.<br>
 * Settings - A tab which enables the user to choose between the Input methods and the View options + to clear the screen.<br>
 * Display - Display the current triangulation according to the settings.<br>

===The Display Tab===
The display tab contains a user interface called _UIScrollView_ which is a container for the triangulation graphics.<br>
The _UIScrollView_ enables scrolling + zooming in and out so that an image that is larger than the actual screen can be seen easily.<br>

= Performance =
See [ObjectiveCiPhonePerformance Objective C iPhone Performance page]